known I want to be a scientist
since I was nine so I've been
thinking about all the ways the
shortcomings of the human
sensory system can interfere
with her ability to establish
what is or is not true and what
is science if not the power with
tools and training to know when
something is true when it might
other seem otherwise seem like
it's nice to know when something
is not true when it otherwise
seems like it is and so when
someone tried to call dreamy
look at my part in a very smooth
skin on my moms not gonna show
you work hard in the fields
today now with your hands would
look like yeah I just never been
convinced by anything
entertaining but I'm gonna stop
other people from you can like
things even if they're not true
I should be the criteria and
whether I enjoy magic thinking
it's mysterious but I know it's
a trick intellectually but it's
trying thinking that maybe they
do have these powers it's fun